PROCESS FLOW
This section describes the core structure of the system from a data and process perspective. This will have a fundamental impact to how the system is constructed and how process is managed through the front end.
The app core purpose is to improve communication between a tradesperson or business and the end customer. Communications are to be cetralised as much as possible but in a simple way. Tradespeople will need to communicate using a personal device at times and should support using on-device methods of communication when urgency is more important than centralisation.
The level of urgency will be discretionary to the user at the time of use.

The app will need to have a concept of the following entities.
BUSINESS - this is the business that subscribes to the app and provides a service to a customer.
BUSINESS USERS - Each business will have an admin user as default and the ability to add more admin users and tradesperson users. Admin users can manage all the users, data and process flow. Tradesperson users can manage workload that is in progress and be able to communicate with customers.
TRADEPERSON USERS - each business will have one or more tradesperson users that can deliver certain jobs. The tradesperson can manage thier own job list which should include a title and description, an estimated amount of time to be planned, a fixed cost and an hourly rate. There should also be an ability to add a list of items or equipment that is needed to do the job and each of those items should have a cost. All costs should be recorded with and without VAT and with the VAT rate recorded at that time. These jobs will be assigned to the trades person but can also be used as templates to add to other tradespeople within the business to speed up set up of new tradesperson users.
CUSTOMERS - Each business is able to add customers to their customer base but if a customer has already used the app and has a customer code, the admin user should be able to pick up the customer details using the customer code (customer code will be saved against the customer record for lookup and will be a 14 character code that is unique to that customer). Customer records should include first name, last name, preferred name, address, contact phone number, contact email number, prefered contact methods for regular updates, urgent updates, marketing and invoices.
JOBS - The business will create JOBS that are assigned to a customer. It is possible to create a Job that does not have a customer assigned but it will not be able to progress in the process until a customer has been assigned. Jobs without a customer assigned will be at status "new". A job will be able to have multiple quotes attached to it. Only one quote can be accepted per job. It is possible for an Admin user to de-select and re-select quotes. For more information on this - see the section for QUOTES. Jobs will have Job Types - which are set customer jobs that can be delivered by tradespeople within their business. When a new job is created, the list of all job types across all of the businesses tradespeople should be shown as "Job - Job type - tradesperson" for example "Plumber - Install electric shower unit - Matt Taylor". The cost of the job will pull through from the tradesperson and will be stored at Job level and should match the most recent issued quote.  
QUOTES - A job will be able to have multiple quotes attached to it. Only one quote can be accepted per job. It is possible for an Admin user to de-select and re-select quotes.The admin has the ability to overrule the cost with a fixed price or a fixed markup or a percentage markup. Quotes will split out labour costs from hardware / equipment costs. The quotes will have a duration that the quote is valid for and is initially set at 14 days. The admin can change the valid for duration on a per quote basis. A quote can be built within the system and a quote will have a status of "building" until it is ready to be sent to the customer. A quote can also be just a summary with manually entered data and a file attachement with the quote details. Once a quote is complete with all details added in the system or with a file attachement, it can be set to status "customer ready". It can then be sent to the customer. At the time it is sent to the customer, the job details are updated to match the quote. The job status is set to "Quote sent". The customer can confirm they accept the quote using a customer login screen (see customer screen) or by contacting the admin who will flag that the quote has been accepted and the status set to "ready for scheduling".
BOOKINGS - When a job has a quote that has been accepted and is then schdeuled, it's status changes to "Scheduled" and becomes a booking. Bookings are made available to TRADESPEOPLE as work that needs to be completed and should be shown on their dashboards. When a booking is started, the tradesperson should set the status to STARTED. The booking continues until complete. The tradesperson should set the status to "DONE" and the customer or an admin can confirm this and set status to "COMPLETE". Once a job has a booking that is complete, it can progress to the invoicing stage.
INVOICES - When a job or booking is marked as complete, an invoice can be raised. This can be done within the app or a file attachement can be added to an invoice record. this sets the status to "invoice available" and when sent to the customer status is "invoice sent". The invoice can contain details of bank account for money to be transfered to, a payment link from the payment portal, or a link to an invoice file where the customer can see the payment options and the invoice details.
Once payment has been received, the system or the admin can set status to "PAID". 

Each status change of all objects should be recorded with a timestamp and details of who changed the status, and what the previous and new status is.
The process of one status to the next as a rigid process should not be enforced. An admin can bypass a status and move forwards and backwards in the process.
If a datapoint can be selected from a list, there should be an admin capability to manage that list of available options. The admin should be able to create new status values against jobs too. Jobs should be found or filtered on the listing screens by status and by dates (created,last updated, start date, completed date).
